1. What is Semantic HTML? 
-semantic html is text that is easily read and deciphered. It reinforces meaning.
2. What is HTML used for? 
-HTML is allows the web designer to create structure to the content before adding style elements.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 -HTML attributes are a modifier of an element. They are placed before the element.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
-h1 is the #1 headline and should only be used once on a page
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
- img and a
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
-the head should contain the page title, links to CSS, and other meta data
7. What is an id? 
-an attribute
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
-any text element
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
-once
10. What is a class? 
-an attribute that specifies a class name for an element
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
-all html elements
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
-as many times as desired
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add <a href="" target="">
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
to describe the image in plain text 
15. How do I reference an id?
#
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section means that the content is grouped, or relates to a single theme. div does not convey any meaning, but rather just groups the content into the assigned id or class.
17. What is CSS used for? 
Styling a webpage 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
just call h2
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
a class might used multiple times throughout the html while an id is singular.  You would use class if you want to do something like style all the headlines in a list and id to identify one thing you want to style.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.classname
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p 
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
a parent>child selector is used to select all the content within both 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
24. What is a pseudo selector?
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
34. Why should I use version control? 
35. How often should I commit to github?
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



-->
